DOC-4285: Documentation for News feature US01-02-03 (#95)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/News.rst

> .. _News:

Reviewer: This file must be removed no ?

Author: I removed the file in my desktop's folder which points to the preprod.

###############
Creating a News
###############

> From a space's acivity stream, you are able to share a news with the space’s members. 

Reviewer: Shouldn't we explain a bit what is a News, compared to other activity types ?

Author: What do you think about this sentence: 
The feature news allows you to easily write, broadcast, pin and share communication content.

Reviewer: The term "feature" is weird here IMO. It could be something like "Publishing a News allow to publish communication content.". Maybe we should develop a bit more, but for the moment we cannot do much more since we cannot pin, we cannot share, ..., it will be done in next stories.

Author: I agree, we'll have to develop more the news description in next storiet

======================================
Sharing a simple news from short form
======================================

To share an article with other space’s members, follow these steps:

> 1. Click on News tab from the activity composer, The tab contains :

Reviewer: IMO we can simplify by saying:
```
To share an article with other space’s members, click on the News tab in the activity composer and fill the fields:
- A **Title** field: ...
...
Then click on the Post button.
```
And only one image with the whle form is enough IMO. WDYT ?

Author: I updated it the message and put it in the preprod:
https://docs-preprod.exoplatform.org/en/preproduction/News.html
It is more simple like that. I agree with you

Author: I updated it the message and put it in the preprod:
https://docs-preprod.exoplatform.org/en/preproduction/News.html
It is more simple like that. I agree with you

Reviewer: It is better indeed :+1: 
No need to add the image of the Post button alone after "Then type your News Title and content in the appropriate fields and click on Post button" IMO, it is clear that we talk about the Post button of the previous screenshot.
Also, the screenshot should be updated to remove the comment, to be in english, and to have the new logo.

Reviewer: It is better indeed :+1: 
No need to add the image of the Post button alone after "Then type your News Title and content in the appropriate fields and click on Post button" IMO, it is clear that we talk about the Post button of the previous screenshot.
Also, the screenshot should be updated to remove the comment, to be in english, and to have the new logo.

Reviewer: It is better indeed :+1: 
No need to add the image of the Post button alone after "Then type your News Title and content in the appropriate fields and click on Post button" IMO, it is clear that we talk about the Post button of the previous screenshot.
Also, the screenshot should be updated to remove the comment, to be in english, and to have the new logo.

Author: > No need to add the image of the Post button alone after "Then type your News Title and content in the appropriate fields

I followed the example in other documentation pages
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45466574/59675879-94f2c100-91c6-11e9-82d2-c5e821d38b8a.png)

> Also, the screenshot should be updated to remove the comment, to be in english, and to have the new logo.

> 
Done
>

- A **Title** field :  Allows you to enter the news title. The title should not exceed 150 characters: Beyond that limit you will not be allowed to write.

- A **Content** field : Allows you to enter the content of the News. No limitation for the number of characters.

- A **Pin article** Check box.

- A **More icon** with a tooltip “more options”: Permits to open the creation full form.

- A **Post** button : Disabled by default until the two fields “Title” and “Content” are filled.

|image0|

2. Type your News Title in the appropriate field

|image1|

3. Type your News content in the appropriate field

|image2|

4. Click on Post button |image3|

The article is shared into the space's activity stream.

|image4|

> .. note:: The |image3| button still grey and unclickable until the mandatory felds *title* and *content* are filed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The |image3| button is grey and unclickable until the mandatory fields *title* and *content* are filled. 
```
